hi I'm Eric Stark I'm the director of
sales for Villa Montana beef resort I'm
actually located on the mainland and the
resort is located in the northwest tip
of Puerto Rico in an isolated area we're
far away from the glitz were far away
from the casinos and the nightlife of
San Juan we're about the beaches and the
sea we're about three miles of deserted
beach that we sit on actually I'm going
down there today I'm flying out of
newark on continental airlines I'm gonna
fly straight into a Guardia p qn and
from there it's a 15-minute drive down
to the resort and it's 35 luxurious
acres set on those three miles of
deserted beach we have in addition to
continental flying into a video we've
got jetblue flying out of JFK and
orlando straight in to a Guardia a small
international airport now for you this
season we've got fifteen percent
commission and a fifty-dollar travel
agents day rate that we hope you'll make
use of so they can get to know us let's
have a look at the resort now
and that was a quick tour around our 35
acres and those 35 acres just have 73
rooms and villas on them were really
spread out here is a website villa
montana calm where we have extensive
details about the resort's so that you
can make a really informed judgment as
to what is best for your travelers on
this page we talk about sea turtle
conservation and every family becomes to
stay with this has the opportunity to
adopt a caribbean sea turtle so as to
foster their furthering their existence
the continued existence that we put it
that way here we talk about the 19
activities that we can do straight from
the terrace surfing windsurfing kayaking
fitness plane pooling bird-watching you
name it here you can see that Russia
toots have found our luxurious garden
environment extremely suitable for their
needs as well so please take a moment
download our PDF brochure for travel
agents that will give you again detailed
information book your travelers at our
fifteen percent commission rate for all
of 2008 and please please come and see
us stay with us at your own fifty-dollar
travel agents day rate we look forward
to seeing you thanks a lot
you